Elko UNLICENSE
==============

In the spirit of contributing to the Public Domain, to the full extent possible
under law, the Elko Authors ("The Authors"), as specified in the `AUTHORS.yaml`
file, have waived all copyright, patent and related or neighboring rights to
their Contributions to Elko ("The Work").

This does not apply to works authored by third parties ("Third Party Works")
which come with their own copyright and licensing terms. These terms may be
defined in explicit files as specified within an optional `THIRDPARTY.yaml` file
or specified as part of the contents of licensed files. We recommend you read
them as their terms may differ from the terms below.

With the exception of Third Party Works, all files in this repository are
covered by this UNLICENSE. If desired, an informative header like the following
could be used to explicitly specify that a file is covered by this UNLICENSE:

    // Public Domain (-) 2018-present, The Elko Authors.
    // See the Elko UNLICENSE file for details.

All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned in The Work are the property
of their respective owners.


Statement of Purpose
--------------------

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship
and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works
("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and
redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes,
including without limitation commercial purposes.

These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free
culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific works,
or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the
use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of
additional consideration or compensation, the Authors, to the extent that they
are an owner of Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elect to
apply the UNLICENSE to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its
terms, with knowledge of their Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the
meaning and intended legal effect of the UNLICENSE on those rights.


Definitions
-----------

The term "distribute" has the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law. A
"Contribution" is the original Work, or any additions or changes to it.

A Work made available under the UNLICENSE may be protected by copyright and
related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights"). Copyright and
Related Rights include, but are not limited to, the following:

1. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and
   translate a Work;

2. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);

3. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or likeness
   depicted in a Work;

4. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work, subject to
   the Limitations and Disclaimers, below;

5. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a
   Work;

6. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
   European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
   protection of databases, and under any national implementation thereof,
   including any amended or successor version of such directive); and

7. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world based
   on applicable law or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.


Waiver
------

To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable
law, the Authors hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
unconditionally waive, abandon, and surrender all of their Copyright and Related
Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now known or unknown
(including existing as well as future claims and causes of action), in the Work
(i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by
applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any
current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose
whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional
purposes (the "Waiver").

The Authors make the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at
large and to the detriment of their heirs and successors, fully intending that
such Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation,
termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by the Authors' express
Statement of Purpose.


Public License Fallback
-----------------------

Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or
ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the
maximum extent permitted taking into account the Authors' express Statement of
Purpose. In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged the Authors hereby
grant to each affected person a royalty-free, non transferable, non
sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise
the Authors' Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories
worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty
(including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and
for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without
limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Public
License").

The Public License shall be deemed effective as of the date the UNLICENSE was
first applied to the Work. Should any part of the Public License for any reason
be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such partial
invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder of the Public
License, and in such case the Authors hereby affirm that they will not (i)
exercise any of their remaining Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii)
assert any associated claims and causes of action with respect to the Work, in
either case contrary to their express Statement of Purpose.


Grant of Patent Rights
----------------------

The Authors hereby grant to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, transfer and
otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of this Work, where such
license applies only to those patent claims, both currently owned or controlled
by any of the Authors and acquired in the future, licensable by any of the
AUthors that are necessarily infringed by this Work. This grant does not include
claims that would be infringed only as a consequence of further modification of
this implementation. If you or your agent or exclusive licensee institute or
order or agree to the institution of patent litigation against any entity
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that this Work
or any Contribution incorporated within this Work constitutes direct or
contributory patent infringement, or inducement of patent infringement, then any
patent rights granted to you under this Grant of Patent Rights for the Work
shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.


Limitations and Disclaimers
---------------------------

1. No trademark rights held by any of the Authors are waived, abandoned,
   surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document.

2. The Authors offer the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties
   of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise,
   including without limitation warranties of title, merchantability, fitness
   for a particular purpose, non infringement, or the absence of latent or other
   defects, accuracy, or the present or absence of errors, whether or not
   discoverable, all to the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.

   In no event shall the Authors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
   special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to,
   procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits;
   or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability,
   whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or
   otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of the Work, even if advised of
   the possibility of such damage.

3. The Authors disclaim responsibility for clearing rights of other persons that
   may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without limitation any
   person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work. Further, the Authors
   disclaim responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions or
   other rights required for any use of the Work.


Appendix
--------

* The text of this document is derived from [Creative Commons CC0 1.0
  Universal] and the [Patent Grant] that ships with Google Go.

* This UNLICENSE is seen as a mere transitional requirement until international
  law adapts to the post intellectual property reality.

[Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal]: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode
[Patent Grant]: https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/PATENTS
